src/site/asciidoc/getting-started.adoc, before:

== Getting Started

The first step for using the libraries provided from ksoap2-android is
to add the desired JAR libraries to the classpath.

All files are provided in Maven repositories hosted by Sonatype:

Releases:: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/[https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/]
Snapshots (Development Versions):: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-snapshots/[https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-snapshots/]

=== Apache Maven 

To make use of this library in a Maven project, add the following to your project's POM:

----
<project>
  ...
  <dependencies>
    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.google.code.ksoap2-android</groupId>
      <artifactId>ksoap2-android</artifactId>
      <version>3.4.0</version>
    </dependency>
  </dependencies>
  ...
</project>
----

and configure a proxy repository in your repository manager using the URL of the 
release repository above.

If you are not using a repository manager like http:/www.sonatype.org/nexus[Sonatype Nexus], you should start doing so now. 

As a stop gap solution you could add the repository to a profile in your 
settings.xml or pom.xml:

----
<repositories>
  <repository>
    <id>ossrh</id>
    <url>https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/</url>
  </repository>
</repositories>
----

Further libraries as part of the project are also published as part of the build 
and can be declared as dependencies as well, if needed.

=== Gradle

The same coordinates for the JAR and the release repository URL as used for 
Apache Maven can be used.

=== Apache Ant-based build and Eclipse/ADT 

To make use of this library in a non-Maven project, follow the instructions in 
the  http://developer.android.com/guide/index.html[Android Developer's Guide] on 
how to http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/faq/commontasks.html#addexternallibrary[Add an External Library] to your project. 

You will need to add a ksoap2-android and all required transitive dependencies 
to the build path. Luckily the Maven build of the project produces a nice bundle
of all these jars in one big file. 

The different version of these files are available at  https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/com/google/code/ksoap2-android/ksoap2-android-assembly/.

The latest release artifact of the bundle is available at 

https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/com/google/code/ksoap2-android/ksoap2-android-assembly/3.4.0/ksoap2-android-assembly-3.4.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar 

=== Next Steps 

And in terms of how to write your code please look at the [http://code.google.com/p/ksoap2-android/wiki/NeedHelp help wiki page].

Commit message:

adding new howto and tips pages and linking them into the nav

src/site/asciidoc/getting-started.adoc, after:

== Getting Started

The first step for using the libraries provided from ksoap2-android is
to add the desired JAR libraries to the classpath.

All files are provided in Maven repositories hosted by Sonatype:

Releases:: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/[https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/]
Snapshots (Development Versions):: https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-snapshots/[https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-snapshots/]

=== Apache Maven 

To make use of this library in a Maven project, add the following to your project's POM:

----
<project>
  ...
  <dependencies>
    <dependency>
      <groupId>com.google.code.ksoap2-android</groupId>
      <artifactId>ksoap2-android</artifactId>
      <version>3.4.0</version>
    </dependency>
  </dependencies>
  ...
</project>
----

and configure a proxy repository in your repository manager using the URL of the 
release repository above.

If you are not using a repository manager like http:/www.sonatype.org/nexus[Sonatype Nexus], you should start doing so now. 

As a stop gap solution you could add the repository to a profile in your 
settings.xml or pom.xml:

----
<repositories>
  <repository>
    <id>ossrh</id>
    <url>https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/</url>
  </repository>
</repositories>
----

Further libraries as part of the project are also published as part of the build 
and can be declared as dependencies as well, if needed.

=== Gradle

The same coordinates for the JAR and the release repository URL as used for 
Apache Maven can be used.

=== Apache Ant-based build and Eclipse/ADT 

To make use of this library in a non-Maven project, follow the instructions in 
the  http://developer.android.com/guide/index.html[Android Developer's Guide] on 
how to http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/faq/commontasks.html#addexternallibrary[Add an External Library] to your project. 

You will need to add a ksoap2-android and all required transitive dependencies 
to the build path. Luckily the Maven build of the project produces a nice bundle
of all these jars in one big file. 

The different version of these files are available at  https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/com/google/code/ksoap2-android/ksoap2-android-assembly/.

The latest release artifact of the bundle is available at 

https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/com/google/code/ksoap2-android/ksoap2-android-assembly/3.4.0/ksoap2-android-assembly-3.4.0-jar-with-dependencies.jar 

=== Next Steps 

In terms of how to write your code please look at the 
link:howto.html[some of the many tutorials from the community] and check out
our link:tips.html[collection of tips and tricks].
