src/site/asciidoc/index.adoc, before:

= ksoap2-android - lightweight, efficient SOAP on Android

== Introduction

The ksoap2-android project provides a lightweight and efficient SOAP client 
library for the Android platform.

It is a fork of the http://ksoap2.sourceforge.net/[kSOAP2 library] that is 
tested mostly on the Android platform, but should also work on other platforms 
using Java libraries.

Up to version 3.4.0, it is still using Java 1.3 so should work fine on JavaME, 
Blackberry and so on. Beyond that Java 1.5 is set as the language level.

ksoap2-android has been consistently enhanced and expanded with more features. 
It is actively maintained and we welcome bug fixes and contributions. Releases 
are done semi-regularly with community contributions in the form of enhancements
and more.

== Support

For more information check out the pages and linked content of this site and 
join http://groups.google.com/group/ksoap2-android[our mailing list].

And for the impatient the jars are available in a Maven repository or for download from there as a bundle. More on the How to Use page.

== License

ksoap2-android is licensed under MIT and can therefore be included in your 
commercial application. If you intend to do so please read the details on the 
link:license-information.html[Licensing page].

== Users

You are interested to see a list of projects using ksoap2-android -> Check it out

== Sponsor

Project maintenance sponsored by Manfred Moser of http://www.simpligility.com[simpligility].

Maven repository hosting is sponsored by http://www.sonatype.com[Sonatype].

Commit message:

fixed links on index page

src/site/asciidoc/index.adoc, after:

= ksoap2-android - lightweight, efficient SOAP on Android

== Introduction

The ksoap2-android project provides a lightweight and efficient SOAP client 
library for the Android platform.

It is a fork of the http://ksoap2.sourceforge.net/[kSOAP2 library] that is 
tested mostly on the Android platform, but should also work on other platforms 
using Java libraries.

Up to version 3.4.0, it is still using Java 1.3 so should work fine on JavaME, 
Blackberry and so on. Beyond that Java 1.5 is set as the language level.

ksoap2-android has been consistently enhanced and expanded with more features. 
It is actively maintained and we welcome bug fixes and contributions. Releases 
are done semi-regularly with community contributions in the form of enhancements
and more.

== Support

For more information check out the pages and linked content of this site and 
join http://groups.google.com/group/ksoap2-android[our mailing list].

And for the impatient the jars are available in a Maven repository or for
download from there as a bundle. More at link:getting-started[Getting Started].

== License

ksoap2-android is licensed under MIT and can therefore be included in your 
commercial application. If you intend to do so please read the details on the 
link:license-information.html[Licensing page].

== Users

You are interested to see a list of projects using ksoap2-android -> link:users.html[Check it out]

== Sponsor

Project maintenance sponsored by Manfred Moser of http://www.simpligility.com[simpligility].

Maven repository hosting is sponsored by http://www.sonatype.com[Sonatype].
