src/site/asciidoc/releasing.adoc, before:

== Releasing 

This should be of no interest to developers using ksoap2-android for Android 
applications. This is for those developers of ksoap2-android who perform releases.

=== Getting Ready

You have to be able to do full build as well as be able to build the site: 

----
mvn clean install
mvn site -N
----

Beyond that you need all the setup to deploy to the OSSRH. Follow the 
http://central.sonatype.org[setup instructions]. In addition you need to have 
permissions to deploy to the repository. Contact the project owners, if required.

Mainly you need to have your OSSRH credentials in +settings.xml+.

----
<server>
  <id>ossrh</id>
  <username>yourname</username>
  <password>yourpassword</password>
</server>
----

For site deployment you need to add your github credentials for the site 
deployment to github pages to work:

----
<server>
  <id>github</id>
  <username>yourname</username>
  <password>yourpassword</password>
</server>
----

=== Deploy a SNAPSHOT version

If you want to make a binary version available for someone to test, 
before making a proper release, deploy a SNAPSHOT version. This will make it available in the 
snapshots repo at https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-snapshots

To perform the SNAPSHOT release:

----
mvn clean deploy -P release
----


=== Perform a RELEASE

This is the real deal. 

- all tests pass
- site build passes
- changelog is up to date including the release date!

Once you are happy with the state of everything - Do it!

To perform the release:

----
mvn release:prepare release:perform
----

If something goes wrong during the perform phase you can deploy from the target/checkout folder 
or checkout a branch of the tag.

----
mvn deploy -P release
----

With the right setup this will

* create a tag and push it to github
* prepare and deploy everything for the plugin release (jar, sources, javadoc..) to OSSRH

Check https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/

Announce on the mailing list, G+, Twitter and maybe ADT and other lists as desired.

To obtain a correct permanent link to the announcement email, go to the mailing list group, 
open the announcement post and click the little chain/link icon to the right.

Once you are done with it all, celebrate as desired ;-) 

=== After the release

* update changelog for next version 
* add release notes mailing list permanent link changelog
* deploy the site from the release branch/tag in target/checkout 

=== Deploy the site

Deploying the site to github pages can be done any time with:

----
mvn clean site-deploy -N
----

For a release check out the tag in git or right after running the release run the command in `target/checkout`.

Commit message:

adding version to http header user agent

src/site/asciidoc/releasing.adoc, after:

== Releasing 

This should be of no interest to developers using ksoap2-android for Android 
applications. This is for those developers of ksoap2-android who perform releases.

=== Getting Ready

Ensure that the upcoming release version is used in
`org.ksoap2.transport.Transport.USER_AGENT`.

You have to be able to do full build as well as be able to build the site: 

----
mvn clean install
mvn site -N
----

Beyond that you need all the setup to deploy to the OSSRH. Follow the 
http://central.sonatype.org[setup instructions]. In addition you need to have 
permissions to deploy to the repository. Contact the project owners, if required.

Mainly you need to have your OSSRH credentials in +settings.xml+.

----
<server>
  <id>ossrh</id>
  <username>yourname</username>
  <password>yourpassword</password>
</server>
----

For site deployment you need to add your github credentials for the site 
deployment to github pages to work:

----
<server>
  <id>github</id>
  <username>yourname</username>
  <password>yourpassword</password>
</server>
----

=== Deploy a SNAPSHOT version

If you want to make a binary version available for someone to test, 
before making a proper release, deploy a SNAPSHOT version. This will make it available in the 
snapshots repo at https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-snapshots

To perform the SNAPSHOT release:

----
mvn clean deploy -P release
----


=== Perform a RELEASE

This is the real deal. 

- all tests pass
- site build passes
- changelog is up to date including the release date!

Once you are happy with the state of everything - Do it!

To perform the release:

----
mvn release:prepare release:perform
----

If something goes wrong during the perform phase you can deploy from the target/checkout folder 
or checkout a branch of the tag.

----
mvn deploy -P release
----

With the right setup this will

* create a tag and push it to github
* prepare and deploy everything for the plugin release (jar, sources, javadoc..) to OSSRH

Check https://oss.sonatype.org/content/repositories/ksoap2-android-releases/

Announce on the mailing list, G+, Twitter and maybe ADT and other lists as desired.

To obtain a correct permanent link to the announcement email, go to the mailing list group, 
open the announcement post and click the little chain/link icon to the right.

Once you are done with it all, celebrate as desired ;-) 

=== After the release

* update changelog for next version 
* add release notes mailing list permanent link changelog
* deploy the site from the release branch/tag in target/checkout 

=== Deploy the site

Deploying the site to github pages can be done any time with:

----
mvn clean site-deploy -N
----

For a release check out the tag in git or right after running the release run the command in `target/checkout`.
